{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f2\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Italic;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red220\green161\blue13;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c89412\c68627\c3922;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf0 There are two fundamental keys to successful investing: buying the right stocks and selling them at the right time. It sounds simple, but every investor knows both of those simple ingredients are far more difficult than they seem.\
The ten best of the best stocks to buy for 2018 are all straight-A rated stocks, meaning they have the technicals and fundamentals to make 2018 a strong year for each of them.\
These are focused picks, not bets on sectors. And most of them come from a variety of sectors. This gives you a spectrum of choice when choosing which ones you want to buy.\
If you\'92re overloaded in tech, pick a construction materials firm. If you have healthcare stocks, look to a niche retailer that continues to fly under the radar. The options are yours, but the bottom line is, all these stocks will be winners this time next year.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Align Technology, Inc.
\f0\b0  (NASDAQ:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://investorplace.com/stock-quotes/algn-stock-quote/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 ALGN}}) has a $19 billion market cap, a P/E of 73 and is up 153% this year-to-date. And it makes braces. For your teeth.\
The thing is, ALGN has shattered the conventional model for orthodontic devices. Instead of the metal braces and wires, ALGN \'91aligners\'92 are a hard, clear plastic that are molded to your teeth.\
And depending upon how severe your corrective needs are, you can wear them in the privacy of your home, on your commute, wherever.\
This aligner system also means more than just kids are going to have straight teeth now. ALGN has broken through moat that has surrounded orthodontics for decades. And now, straight teeth is a cosmetic option like plastic surgery.\
With the U.S. market booming, China has just begun.\

\f1\b Coherent, Inc.
\f0\b0  (NASDAQ:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://investorplace.com/stock-quotes/cohr-stock-quote/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 COHR}}) is all about photonics. Lasers to be exact.\
That may not seem like much of an industry, much less a big growth industry, but it is.\
You see, lasers are now becoming the tools of choice when it comes to a number of sectors. Lasers are replacing surgical tools, especially in opthamalogy and other delicate surgeries. In manufacturing they\'92re used for scanners and testing equipment and they\'92re far more accurate and reliable.\
And in defense and security, lasers are on the brink of replacing munitions. You can now shoot drones and missiles out of the air with drones or destroy a vehicle on the ground.\
What\'92s more, they\'92re usually cheaper and more durable than the technologies they\'92re replacing.\
COHR is a pioneer in the field. It was one of the first tech firms to headquarter in Palo Alto \'97 the core of Silicon Valley \'97 back in the 1960s. And it\'92s still going strong today.\
Up 110% year-to-date, and only trades at a P/E in the upper 30s.\

\f1\b Nvidia Corporation
\f0\b0  (NASDAQ:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://investorplace.com/stock-quotes/nvda-stock-quote/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 NVDA}}) is one of the biggest beneficiaries of the next leg in the Digital Age.\
The stock is up 100% in the past year and more than 1,500% in the past 5 years. And every year there are people who say that the growth for NVDA is overrated and it can\'92t continue to grow at the pace it\'92s growing.\
The fact is, NVDA has heard stories of its demise, even when it was producing high-end graphics processing units (GPUs), usually for hardcore gamers and scientists.\
But all that has changed now. And with the advent of cloud computing, the huge demand for mobile computing, the growth of the Internet of Things (IoT) and new virtual and augmented reality technologies, NVDA is at the center of it all.\
Even after all this massive growth, it still only sports a P/E of 48.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.navelliergrowth.investorplace.com/about-louis.html"}}{\fldrslt 
\f2\i \cf2 Louis Navellier}}
\f2\i  is a renowned growth investor. He is the editor of five investing newsletters: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.navelliergrowth.investorplace.com/bluechip"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Blue Chip Growth}}, Emerging Growth, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.navelliergrowth.investorplace.com/ultimate/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Ultimate Growth}}, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.navelliergrowth.investorplace.com/family-trust"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Family Trust}} and {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.navelliergrowth.investorplace.com/platinum"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 Platinum Growth}}. His most popular service, Blue Chip Growth, has a track record of beating the market 3:1 over the last 14 years. He uses a combination of quantitative and fundamental analysis to identify market-beating stocks. Mr. Navellier has made his proven formula accessible to investors via his free, online stock rating tool, {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.navelliergrowth.investorplace.com/portfolio-grader/"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 PortfolioGrader.com}}. Louis Navellier may hold some of the aforementioned securities in one or more of his newsletters.
\f0\i0 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf0 Pilgrim\'92s Pride Corporation
\f0\b0  (NASDAQ:{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://investorplace.com/stock-quotes/ppc-stock-quote/"}}{\fldrslt 
\f1\b \cf2 \ul \ulc2 PPC}}) is one of the largest chicken companies in the US. And it also has significant distribution in Mexico as well.\
While a chicken company may not be the first be the first investment to come to mind for most growth investors, PPC has had a stupendous year so far. It\'92s up 96% and trades at a current P/E of just 14.\
Demand for leaner meat is growing and formerly scrap parts like wings, have taken off globally. That growing demand has helped increase margins and broaden distribution.\
Granted, this is a more long-term winner than some of the tech or healthcare choices, but it is a key industry player that knows how to make money in its given sector. That may not be sexy, but given its returns, it doesn\'92t have to be.}